README.md, before:

# NURDVision (In Development)
SuperNURDs implementation of vision co-processing on the Jetson TK1
# NOTE: THIS CODE IS CURRENTLY IN DEVELOPMENT AND NOT READY FOR PUBLIC USE
A public (cleaned up) version will be available shortly

Major resource used - [SMblyRequired](https://github.com/SMblyRequired/Computer-Vision-2017)

### TO DO:
- Add boiler vs peg detection
- Have jetson send failed camera message to roborio
- (Maybe) Have HSL constants get data from robotPreferences or main code
- (Maybe) Implement CSCore to send video data to roborio/driverstation
- ~~Run NURDVision on Jetson boot~~ **COMPLETED**
- ~~Implement network tables~~ **COMPLETED**

## How to Set Up on the Jetson TK1
What you will need: a Jetson TK1, the provided Micro USB cable, a PC running UBUNTU 64 bit, a monitor or TV, ethernet access, a mouse and keyboard with a USB hub, a webcam(works best with an LED ring), and the provided 12v power supply

### Jetson initial setup and flashing:

__Step 1__: Plug micro usb cable into the jetson (small side into the port next to audio jacks, and the large side into your PC running UBUNTU).

__Step 2__: Plug in TV, webcam, ethernet and Mouse/Keyboard to jetson

__Step 3__: Turn jetson into recovery mode by holding down the recovery button and pressing restart (if the jetson is on already) or power off (if the jetson is off)

__Step 4__: Open up console (terminal) on your LINUX computer

__Step 5__: Type lsusb into the ubuntu PC's console and check to make sure that there is a NVidia device plugged in

__Step 6__: Download flashJetson.run Type (and then click enter): 
	
	 mkdir jetsonInstall; cd jetsonInstall; wget https://github.com/FRCTeam3255/NURDVision/raw/master/flashJetson.run; bash ./flashJetson.run
	
<img src="flashJetsonSteps/Step-6.png" width="850">

__Step 7__: Continue through the user intuitive flashing process (this may take a few hours) selecting Jetson Tk1 where available
<img src="flashJetsonSteps/Step-7.png" width="1200">
Follow the on screen steps. Where it says Host - Ubuntu, click install, then no action

_**DO NOT INSTALL OPENCV OR ANY SAMPLES AT THIS POINT**_. 

It should say flash succesfull.

~~You may be asked to enter an ip address. On the jetson type: `ifconfig` then type result inte addr: (example 192.168.0.0) into the prompt on your LINUX computer. Click continue.~~

_Jetson intial setup complete!_

### Jetson NURDVision installation: 
A PC is no longer needed as this work is done on the jetson

(alterantively can be done by ssh by typing: ssh ubuntu@tegra-ubuntu password:ubuntu and typing commands there instead)

__Step 1__: download install.sh to jetson. Type: 
	
	wget https://github.com/FRCTeam3255/NURDVision/raw/master/install.sh; bash ./install.sh

(this may take a few hours)

__Step 2__: once complete you can now download the latest code, compile and run it, type:

	nurdall

_Jetson NURDVision installation complete!_

### Custom command info: 	

	nurdget 		downloads latest NURDVision from github
	nurdcompile		compliles NURDVision as runNURDVision
	nurdrun			runs runNURDVision
	nurdrun	-debug		runs runNURDVision with viewer
		
	nurdall			runs nurdget, nurdcompile, and nurdrun -debug;

These commands can be run invidually if needed (i.e. only nurdcompile and nurdrun if disconnected from internet)

Any questions contact Mike at the SuperNURDs

### Additional info:
Our belief is that the Jetson TK1 requires ARMHF libraries as such, those are the libraries installed with the install script.
#### C++ Compiler arguments (nurdcompile)
	g++ NURDVision.cpp -std=c++11 -lopencv_calib3d -lopencv_core -lopencv_features2d -lopencv_flann -lopencv_highgui -lopencv_imgcodecs -lopencv_imgproc -lopencv_ml -lopencv_objdetect -lopencv_photo -lopencv_shape -lopencv_stitching -lopencv_superres -lopencv_video -lopencv_videoio -lopencv_videostab -lntcore -lwpiutil -o runNURDVision

Commit message:

Updated readme with detailed Jetson installation
- removed rc.local
- made team number a constant and top of program
- edited comments on install script

README.md, after:

# NURDVision (In Development)
SuperNURDs implementation of vision co-processing on the Jetson TK1
# NOTE: THIS CODE IS CURRENTLY IN DEVELOPMENT AND NOT READY FOR PUBLIC USE
A public (cleaned up) version will be available shortly

Major resource used - [SMblyRequired](https://github.com/SMblyRequired/Computer-Vision-2017)

### TO DO:
- Add boiler vs peg detection
- Have jetson send failed camera message to roborio
- Add how to see jetson from roboRIO to read me.
- (Maybe) Have HSL constants get data from robotPreferences or main code
- (Maybe) Implement CSCore to send video data to roborio/driverstation
- ~~Run NURDVision on Jetson boot~~ **COMPLETED**
- ~~Implement network tables~~ **COMPLETED**

## How to Set Up on the Jetson TK1
What you will need: a Jetson TK1, the provided Micro USB cable, a PC running UBUNTU 64 bit, a monitor or TV, ethernet access, a mouse and keyboard with a USB hub, a webcam(works best with an LED ring), and the provided 12v power supply

### Jetson initial setup and flashing:

__Step 1__: Plug micro usb cable into the jetson (small side into the port next to audio jacks, and the large side into your PC running UBUNTU).

__Step 2__: Plug in TV, webcam, ethernet and Mouse/Keyboard to jetson

__Step 3__: Turn jetson into recovery mode by holding down the recovery button and pressing restart (if the jetson is on already) or power off (if the jetson is off)

__Step 4__: Open up console (terminal) on your LINUX computer

__Step 5__: Type lsusb into the ubuntu PC's console and check to make sure that there is a NVidia device plugged in

__Step 6__: Download flashJetson.run Type (and then click enter): 
	
	 mkdir jetsonInstall; cd jetsonInstall; wget https://github.com/FRCTeam3255/NURDVision/raw/master/flashJetson.run; bash ./flashJetson.run
	
![s6](flashJetsonSteps/Step-6.png)

__Step 7__: Continue through the user intuitive flashing process (this may take a few hours) selecting Jetson Tk1 where available (Detailed steps below).

![s7](flashJetsonSteps/Step-7.png)
![s8](flashJetsonSteps/Step-8.png)
![s9](flashJetsonSteps/Step-9.png)
![s10](flashJetsonSteps/Step-10.png)
![s11](flashJetsonSteps/Step-11.png)
![s12](flashJetsonSteps/Step-12.png)
![s13](flashJetsonSteps/Step-13.png)
![s14](flashJetsonSteps/Step-14.png)
![s15](flashJetsonSteps/Step-15.png)
![s16](flashJetsonSteps/Step-16.png)
![s17](flashJetsonSteps/Step-17.png)
![s18](flashJetsonSteps/Step-18.png)
![s19](flashJetsonSteps/Step-19.png)
![s20](flashJetsonSteps/Step-20.png)

_**DO NOT INSTALL OPENCV OR ANY SAMPLES AT THIS POINT**_. 

It should say flash succesfull.

~~You may be asked to enter an ip address. On the jetson type: `ifconfig` then type result inte addr: (example 192.168.0.0) into the prompt on your LINUX computer. Click continue.~~

_Jetson intial setup complete!_

### Jetson NURDVision installation: 
A PC is no longer needed as this work is done on the jetson

(alterantively can be done by ssh by typing: ssh ubuntu@tegra-ubuntu password:ubuntu and typing commands there instead)

__Step 1__: download install.sh to jetson. Type: 
	
	wget https://github.com/FRCTeam3255/NURDVision/raw/master/install.sh; bash ./install.sh

(this may take a few hours)

__Step 2__: once complete you can now download the latest code, compile and run it, type:

	nurdall

_Jetson NURDVision installation complete!_

### Custom command info: 	

	nurdget 		downloads latest NURDVision from github
	nurdcompile		compliles NURDVision as runNURDVision
	nurdrun			runs runNURDVision
	nurdrun	-debug		runs runNURDVision with viewer
		
	nurdall			runs nurdget, nurdcompile, and nurdrun -debug;

These commands can be run invidually if needed (i.e. only nurdcompile and nurdrun if disconnected from internet)

Any questions contact Mike at the SuperNURDs by leaving an issue report on our Github.

### Additional info:
The Jetson TK1 requires ARM-HF libraries, as such, those are the libraries installed with the install script.
Our install script sets NURDVision to run at startup and disables desktop GUI running on the jetson, which slows down vision processing.
To make NURDVision communicate with a roboRIO other than FRC Team 3255's edit NURDVision.cpp with either SSH or FTP and change
	
	const int teamNumber = YOUR TEAM NUMBER;
#### C++ Compiler arguments (nurdcompile)
	g++ NURDVision.cpp -std=c++11 -lopencv_calib3d -lopencv_core -lopencv_features2d -lopencv_flann -lopencv_highgui -lopencv_imgcodecs -lopencv_imgproc -lopencv_ml -lopencv_objdetect -lopencv_photo -lopencv_shape -lopencv_stitching -lopencv_superres -lopencv_video -lopencv_videoio -lopencv_videostab -lntcore -lwpiutil -o runNURDVision
